# BGU-MF
Ben-Girion University- Math Fluency Test
code for short and reliable computerized math fluency test
The BGU-MF test is a computerized math fluency test. The test includes simple math exercises of the four operations: addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Exercises in addition and subtraction used numbers between 0 and 20 (e.g., 7 + 6). Multiplication and division exercises were taken from the multiplication table (up to 10 X 10; e.g., 56 ÷ 7). The exercises appeared one by one on the screen, and participants instructed to key in their answers, see example. The presented exercise selected randomly from a pool of math facts (a total of 900 options: 440 addition exercises, 230 subtraction exercises, 120 multiplication exercises and 110 division exercises). In each trial, one exercise presented and participants instructed to type their answers inside a square and press the enter key in order to proceed to the next trial. The typed answer presented on the screen. The length of the test was 180 seconds. For each participant, the number of solved exercises recorded. In each trial, the accuracy and reaction times (RT) per exercise recorded. Reaction times calculated from the beginning of the trial until the key press of the first digit in the answer. At the end of the test, a message of completion of the test appeared on the screen. The output for the performance includes a table with a line for each trial with the following details: the exercise that appeared, the participant’s response, accuracy (whether the participant’s response was correct or nor) and the response time per specific exercise. In addition, a summary of the total number of solved exercises accuracy (percent correct) per operation is presented, and average RT (for correct responses) per operation. 

Instructions for participants: "answer as accurately and quickly as possible".

Citation:

Gliksman, Y., Berebi, S., Hershman, R., & Henik, A. (2020). BGU-MF: Ben-Gurion University Math Fluency Test. Manuscript under review.
